A社博客精读.md, before:

# A社博客精读

| 序号 | 博客 | 状态 | 批次 | 本地目录 | 原文 |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | Building effective agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `building-effective-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents |
| 2 | Building agents with the Claude Agent SDK | 已完成精读（既有） | 既有 | `Building-agents-with-the-Claude-Agent-SDK` | https://claude.com/blog/building-agents-with-the-claude-agent-sdk |
| 3 | Introducing advanced tool use | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `introducing-advanced-tool-use` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/advanced-tool-use |
| 4 | Writing effective tools for agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `writing-effective-tools-for-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/writing-tools-for-agents |
| 5 | The "think" tool | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `the-think-tool` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-think-tool |
| 6 | Equipping agents for the real world with Agent Skills | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `equipping-agents-for-the-real-world-with-agent-skills` | https://claude.com/blog/equipping-agents-for-the-real-world-with-agent-skills |
| 7 | Effective context engineering for AI agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents |
| 8 | Introducing Contextual Retrieval | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `introducing-contextual-retrieval` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/contextual-retrieval |
| 9 | Effective harnesses for long-running agents | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `effective-harnesses-for-long-running-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-harnesses-for-long-running-agents |
| 10 | How we built our multi-agent research system | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `multi-agent-research-system` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/multi-agent-research-system |
| 11 | Code execution with MCP | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `code-execution-with-mcp` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/code-execution-with-mcp |
| 12 | Demystifying evals for AI agents | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `demystifying-evals-for-ai-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/demystifying-evals-for-ai-agents |
| 13 | Beyond permission prompts: Claude Code sandboxing | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `beyond-permission-prompts-claude-code-sandboxing` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-code-sandboxing |
| 14 | Claude Code: Best practices for agentic coding | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `claude-code-best-practices-for-agentic-coding` | https://code.claude.com/docs/en/best-practices |
| 15 | A postmortem of three recent issues | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `a-postmortem-of-three-recent-issues` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/a-postmortem-of-three-recent-issues |

## 说明
- 除第 2 篇为既有目录外，其余 14 篇均已按“README + 主精读 + 概念专题”结构创建。
- 全局学习导航见根目录 `README.md`。
- 已完成跨目录去重润色：重复观点改为“跨文直接引用”，避免多目录重复展开。

Commit message:

docs: add deep-dive package for building-c-compiler

A社博客精读.md, after:

# A社博客精读

| 序号 | 博客 | 状态 | 批次 | 本地目录 | 原文 |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
| 1 | Building effective agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `building-effective-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-effective-agents |
| 2 | Building agents with the Claude Agent SDK | 已完成精读（既有） | 既有 | `Building-agents-with-the-Claude-Agent-SDK` | https://claude.com/blog/building-agents-with-the-claude-agent-sdk |
| 3 | Introducing advanced tool use | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `introducing-advanced-tool-use` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/advanced-tool-use |
| 4 | Writing effective tools for agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `writing-effective-tools-for-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/writing-tools-for-agents |
| 5 | The "think" tool | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `the-think-tool` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-think-tool |
| 6 | Equipping agents for the real world with Agent Skills | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `equipping-agents-for-the-real-world-with-agent-skills` | https://claude.com/blog/equipping-agents-for-the-real-world-with-agent-skills |
| 7 | Effective context engineering for AI agents | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-context-engineering-for-ai-agents |
| 8 | Introducing Contextual Retrieval | 已完成精读 | 第一批 | `introducing-contextual-retrieval` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/contextual-retrieval |
| 9 | Effective harnesses for long-running agents | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `effective-harnesses-for-long-running-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/effective-harnesses-for-long-running-agents |
| 10 | How we built our multi-agent research system | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `multi-agent-research-system` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/multi-agent-research-system |
| 11 | Code execution with MCP | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `code-execution-with-mcp` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/code-execution-with-mcp |
| 12 | Demystifying evals for AI agents | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `demystifying-evals-for-ai-agents` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/demystifying-evals-for-ai-agents |
| 13 | Beyond permission prompts: Claude Code sandboxing | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `beyond-permission-prompts-claude-code-sandboxing` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/claude-code-sandboxing |
| 14 | Claude Code: Best practices for agentic coding | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `claude-code-best-practices-for-agentic-coding` | https://code.claude.com/docs/en/best-practices |
| 15 | A postmortem of three recent issues | 已完成精读 | 第二批 | `a-postmortem-of-three-recent-issues` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/a-postmortem-of-three-recent-issues |
| 16 | Building a C compiler with a team of parallel Claudes | 已完成精读 | 新增 | `building-c-compiler` | https://www.anthropic.com/engineering/building-c-compiler |

## 说明
- 除第 2 篇为既有目录外，其余 15 篇均已按“README + 主精读 + 概念专题”结构创建。
- 全局学习导航见根目录 `README.md`。
- 已完成跨目录去重润色：重复观点改为“跨文直接引用”，避免多目录重复展开。
